docs: Add CONTRIBUTING.md and DEVELOPER.md (#739)
azatoth/twinkle: DEVELOPER.md

## Reviewing and merging pull requests

(WIP)

Collaborators are encouraged to thoroughly review and [test](./CONTRIBUTING.md) each pull request, including their own.  Unless urgent or obvious, it can be helpful to leave PRs open for folks to opine.

Things to watch out for:

- Items and processes laid out in [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) are followed.

> - The goal is for Twinkle and Morebits to support the same browsers that MediaWiki does, which at the moment includes Internet Explorer 11.  In particular, this means the numerous helpful additions in ES6 (aka ES2015) are unavailable for use.  `.includes` and `.find` are among the most likely to show up, although the jQuery `$.find()` is fine.

Author: @MusikAnimal I did want to alert future collaborators to look out for this, as it's come upon a few times and we've been burned at least once when I let one through.  How's this in the forced-push changes?
```suggestion
- The goal is for Twinkle and Morebits to support the same [browsers that MediaWiki supports](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Browser_compatibility).  In particular, collaborators should look out for [unsupporte\
d additions](https://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/) from ES6 (aka ES2015); `.includes` and `.find` are among the most likely to show up, although the jQuery `$.find()` is fine.
```

> - The goal is for Twinkle and Morebits to support the same browsers that MediaWiki does, which at the moment includes Internet Explorer 11.  In particular, this means the numerous helpful additions in ES6 (aka ES2015) are unavailable for use.  `.includes` and `.find` are among the most likely to show up, although the jQuery `$.find()` is fine.

Reviewer: Looks good to me!

- Twinkle is meant to run on the latest weekly version of MediaWiki as rolled out every Thursday on the English Wikipedia.  Backwards compatibility is not guaranteed.

## Updating scripts on Wikipedia

There are two ways to upload Twinkle scripts to Wikipedia or another destination. You can do it with a [Perl script](#synchronization-using-syncpl) (recommended) or [manually](#manual-synchronization).

> After the files are synced, ensure [MediaWiki:Gadgets-definition][] contains the following lines:

Reviewer 2: ...ensure _that_ [MediaWiki:...
